- Wow.
[background chatter]
[lips smacking]
- You look amazing. Do you, come in.
- I know.
- Wait, this, I'm actually,
[laughing]
I have never seen you
in something like this
and I'm obsessed.
- I know.
- Tell me
everything about this.
- I am actually obsessed
with this look too.
So, I'm wearing a costume, Chanel.
- [Emma] Amazing.
- It's a beautiful black
jumpsuit underneath,
if you could see it. [laughs]
- [Emma] Oh, a pant.
- [Jennie] Mm-hmm.
- [Emma] Zoom in on the pant.
- Mm-hmm. And, the sculptural of a skirt
with these beautiful pearls,
and the hat, and the camellia.
- It's-
- I'm crying.
- Wait, the nails. Can we
zoom in on these nails?
[Jennie gasps]
- Look,
a little charm like that. Okay.
Tell me about, like, I don't
know, leading up to this week,
how were you feeling?
- [sighs] Honestly, it was a lot.
I just came out of four
months of preparing Coachella
and I was back home for
a little bit and then,
I knew the Met was happening,
so it was a lot for me
for the past couple months
and weeks.
- Doing Coachella
and then Met is a lot.
- It's insane.
- How are you, like, relaxing yourself
in between these really,
really intense moments?
Like, what centers you,
what calms you down?
I've seen that you do,
wait, do you do ice baths?
- I love cold plunge
and ice baths.
- Okay,
you love cold plunge.
- I do.
- Have you been cold plunging?
- I have actually.
- Really?
- I have. I cold plunge,
I love sauna.
- [Emma] Yep.
- Those are the basic,
basic things that I do.
And then, it was really good
to be back home for a little bit,
honestly-
- [Emma] Yes.
- ... to see my family and
my pet. I love my dog, so.
- It's so important.
[Jennie laughs]
Well, you look beautiful.
Whoa.
Go have the most amazing night.
You look so, I'm hugging you again.
I love you.
- I know.
I can't stop hugging you.
- You look so cute.
- And, like, the forbidden hug
because you're, like, looking so amazing.
Don't let me ruin your
look. Go get after it.
[lips smacking]
I'll see you in there.
- I'll see you soon.
- [Emma] And, we'll have fun.
I love you. Bye. [laughs]